Update set-up-snowflake-oauth.md (#3227)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/manage-access/set-up-snowflake-oauth.md

* Your user might not have access to the Snowflake role defined on the development credentials in dbt Cloud. Double-check that you have access to that role and if the role name has been correctly entered in as Snowflake is case sensitive.
* You're trying to use a role that is in the [BLOCKED_ROLES_LIST](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/oauth-partner.html#blocking-specific-roles-from-using-the-integration), such as `ACCOUNTADMIN`.

#### The requested scope is invalid

> When clicking on the `Connect Snowflake Account` successfully redirects you to the Snowflake login page, but you receive an `The requested scope is invalid` error. This could mean:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you select the `Connect Snowflake Account` button to try to connect to your Snowflake account, you might get an error that says `The requested scope is invalid` even though you were redirected to the Snowflake login page successfully. 

This error might be because of a configuration issue in the Snowflake OAuth flow, where the `role` in the profile config is mandatory for each user and doesn't inherit it from the project connection page. This means each user needs to supply their role information, regardless of whether it's provided on the project connection page.
```
